feat(changelog): object-storage-added-versioning-activation-at-bucket-cr 2024-04-29 (#3126)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2024/2024-04-29-object-storage-added-versioning-activation-at-bucket-cr.mdx

---

> title: Versioning activation at bucket creation from the Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Versioning activation at bucket creation
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #object-storage channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-04-29
category: storage
product: object-storage
---

> It is now possible to activate bucket versioning for better resiliency directly when creating a bucket from the Console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to activate bucket versioning for better resiliency directly when creating a bucket from the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/). 
```

> As a reminder, versioning can be activated later on or suspended anytime from the bucket settings in the Console or via the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a reminder, versioning can be activated after creation or suspended at any time from the bucket settings in the console or via the CLI.
```
